[Uptime] add alert recovery documentation (#1945)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-status-alert.asciidoc

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/monitor-status-alert-default-message.png[Default notification message for monitor status rules with open "Add variable" popup listing available action variables,width=600]

[discrete]
[[recovery-variables-status]]
== Alert recovery

> You can set receive a notificate message when the alert recovers by selecting Run When Recovered. Use the default notification message or customize it. You can add more context to the message by clicking the icon above the message text box and selecting from a list of available variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive a notification when the alert recovers, select *Run when Recovered*. Use the default notification message or customize it. You can add more context to the message by clicking the icon above the message text box and selecting from a list of available variables.
```
